README.md, before:

# maud-pulldown-cmark [![downloads-badge][] ![release-badge][]][crate] [![license-badge][]](#license)

This library implements an adapter to allow rendering markdown strings inside a
[maud][] macro using [pulldown-cmark][] efficiently.

[downloads-badge]: https://img.shields.io/crates/d/maud-pulldown-cmark.svg?style=flat-square
[release-badge]: https://img.shields.io/crates/v/maud-pulldown-cmark.svg?style=flat-square
[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/crates/l/maud-pulldown-cmark.svg?style=flat-square
[crate]: https://crates.io/crates/maud-pulldown-cmark

[maud]: https://github.com/lfairy/maud
[pulldown-cmark]: https://github.com/google/pulldown-cmark

## Example

```ignore
#![feature(plugin)]
#![plugin(maud_macros)]

extern crate maud;
extern crate maud_pulldown_cmark;

use maud_pulldown_cmark::Markdown;

fn main() {
    let markdown = "
1. A list
2. With some
3. Values";

    let buffer = html! {
        div {
            (Markdown::from_string(markdown))
        }
    };

    println!("{}", buffer.into_string());
}
```

```ignore
#![feature(plugin)]
#![plugin(maud_macros)]

extern crate maud;
extern crate maud_pulldown_cmark;
extern crate pulldown_cmark;

use maud_pulldown_cmark::Markdown;
use pulldown_cmark::{Parser, Event};

fn main() {
    let markdown = "
1. A list
2. With some
3. <span>Inline html</span>";

    let events = Parser::new(markdown).map(|ev| match ev {
        // Escape inline html
        Event::Html(html) | Event::InlineHtml(html) => Event::Text(html),
        _ => ev,
    });

    let buffer = html!(
        div {
            (Markdown::from_events(events))
        }
    );

    println!("{}", buffer.into_string());
}
```

## License

Licensed under either of

 * Apache License, Version 2.0 ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you shall be dual licensed as above, without any
additional terms or conditions.

Commit message:

Drop nightly flag, support developing only on nightly

README.md, after:

# maud-pulldown-cmark [![downloads-badge][] ![release-badge][]][crate] [![license-badge][]](#license)

This library implements an adapter to allow rendering markdown strings inside a
[maud][] macro using [pulldown-cmark][] efficiently.

This library requires nightly rust to run the tests as they use the
`maud_macros` plugin.

[downloads-badge]: https://img.shields.io/crates/d/maud-pulldown-cmark.svg?style=flat-square
[release-badge]: https://img.shields.io/crates/v/maud-pulldown-cmark.svg?style=flat-square
[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/crates/l/maud-pulldown-cmark.svg?style=flat-square
[crate]: https://crates.io/crates/maud-pulldown-cmark

[maud]: https://github.com/lfairy/maud
[pulldown-cmark]: https://github.com/google/pulldown-cmark

## Example

```rust
#![feature(plugin)]
#![plugin(maud_macros)]

extern crate maud;
extern crate maud_pulldown_cmark;

use maud_pulldown_cmark::Markdown;

fn main() {
    let markdown = "
1. A list
2. With some
3. Values";

    let buffer = html! {
        div {
            (Markdown::from_string(markdown))
        }
    };

    println!("{}", buffer.into_string());
}
```

```rust
#![feature(plugin)]
#![plugin(maud_macros)]

extern crate maud;
extern crate maud_pulldown_cmark;
extern crate pulldown_cmark;

use maud_pulldown_cmark::Markdown;
use pulldown_cmark::{Parser, Event};

fn main() {
    let markdown = "
1. A list
2. With some
3. <span>Inline html</span>";

    let events = Parser::new(markdown).map(|ev| match ev {
        // Escape inline html
        Event::Html(html) | Event::InlineHtml(html) => Event::Text(html),
        _ => ev,
    });

    let buffer = html!(
        div {
            (Markdown::from_events(events))
        }
    );

    println!("{}", buffer.into_string());
}
```

## License

Licensed under either of

 * Apache License, Version 2.0 ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you shall be dual licensed as above, without any
additional terms or conditions.
